view phase dr. Zakia relating to women
now are women allowed to pray that that
our way in congregation in the Masjid as
far as women being allowed to pray in
the masjid a beloved performance and
some said it's mentioned say Bihari
volume number one in the Bacchus Allah
how did number eight three four the
Prophet said that do not prevent the
female servants of Allah from going to
the mosque the Prophet said you save
Ohio number one in the Bacchus Allah
hadith number eight six five that if the
women ask you permission to go to the
mosque even at night you give it to them
that means even going at night but
natural for camelid or for Salah you
give it to them talking about the Ravi
forgive it
and further it's mentioned in the hadith
of Sonia boudoir number one Bacchus
Allah I did number one three seven zero
it narrates about also law solemn had
iftar along with the family and the
woman and all of them and then they
prayed at night camel ale and they
nearly missed deaf Allah Allah a success
talking about the pre-dawn me talk about
so hood which we discussed earlier he
nearly missed this food indicating that
the full family along with them in the
family the prayed together with no
masala Salam saying it's allowed further
is mentioned in the hadith of Simon slim
white number one in the book of Salah
hadith number eight h1 the beloved
prophet he said that the best row for
the mill in Salah at the first rules and
the worst is the last row the best row
for the woman are the last rows and the
worst rows are the front row that means
the woman can go in the mosque to offer
Salah even Kol but there are some
etiquettes the men should be in the
first row and the woman should be in the
last rows and this should be careful it
should not create a fit mother is
important not have you know for
sometimes ladies come with all glamorous
dresses and they were adornments and
ornaments etc as the Quran said in surah
nude chapter number 24 verse number 31
say to the believing women that she
should know where I gaze and garden
modesty and display not a beauty except
what appears ordinary off and draw a
veil over the bosom that means in
unnecessary too much of glamour
ornaments etc and Quran says in surah
ahzaab chapter 33 verse 59 a real
prophet tell your wives your daughters
and the believing women when they go
abroad when they go all - put on the
chill Bob the cloak so there should be
cared that the shoe ready till Bob
Vindico for Salah for the camel ale in
Ramadan all to the mosque and should not
make fitna as long as their own mega
fitna and they don't unless I put
perfume an attraction they can go
alhamdulillah it is fine it is good and
further mentioned inside Buhari or
number one in the Box Allah hadith
number eight for name that the Prophet
after men led the congregation
he turned to the people and he waited
and the woman immediately got up and the
left and the narrator says that you know
maybe the Prophet did that purpose that
he didn't want the men and women to meet
you know so you should be careful you
should not get a fitna so men can go to
the mosque and they can offer the Torabi
it's perfectly fine it was the practice
at the time of the doctor so